Link:
https://www.udemy.com/course/build-a-website-in-less-than-2-hours-step-by-step/learn/lecture/22707299?start=0#overview


About this course
Quick and easy, step by step course, where you can learn how to 
build website in less than 2 hours with HTML and CSS.


By the numbers
Skill level: Beginner Level
Languages: English
Captions: Yes
Lectures: 15
Video: 2 total hours


Description
What are your first thoughts when you see some beautiful website 
on internet? Something like, they spent weeks or maybe months to 
create it? They spent bunch of money to pay some designers and developers 
to build it? Well answers on these questions could be yes in some cases, 
but in the most cases those websites are created in one day or 
even just a few hours. In this course we will show you how to create 
your own website, step by step, completely from the scratch in 
less than 2 hours!

We will use HTML to create skeleton for our website, and also we will 
use CSS to add some styles to our website (change colors, position 
of elements, change font size, font family etc.). Some previous 
knowledge about HTML and CSS would be beneficial, but it's not mandatory 
for this course. Even if you don't have any previous knowledge about 
HTML and CSS, and you need/want to create website, or if you just want to 
create general overview how to build website, this course is  perfect 
for you!  Please be aware of that in this course we have used our own 
materials (logo, images, text etc.) to create website just like we want, 
but you can feel free to use your own images, text etc. to create website 
for your own needs.
So, let's dive into it!


What you’ll learn
	- You'll learn how to use HTML to build website
	- You'll learn how to use CSS to build website
	- You'll learn about basic website structure
	- You'll learn how to use Notepad++ for website development


Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
	- You need basic knowledge of any text editor (Notepad, Notepad++ etc.)
	- Basic knowledge about HTML is beneficial
	- Basic knowledge about CSS is beneficial


Who this course is for:
	- For HTML and CSS beginners
	- For those who want to learn how to build website quick and easy


Instructor:
MasterMinds Tutorials
Software engineers
