Link:
https://www.udemy.com/course/code-your-first-game/learn/lecture/2497876?start=15#overview


About this course
Program a complete game today. No special software or 
install required. All you need is a text editor and a web browser.


By the numbers
Skill level: Beginner Level
Languages: English
Captions: Yes
Lectures: 12
Video: 2 total hours


Description
At the end of this short course you'll have programmed your first game. 
You'll learn gameplay development fundamentals by really doing it – 
writing and running real code on your own machine.

Each step of the course has the source code attached exactly as it 
should look at that time (click "View Resources" then "Downloadable Resources"), 
for you to compare to or pick up from, so you can't get stuck!

Begin Your Game Programming Journey the Proven Way

"Make the simplest game possible." "Program a ball and paddle project." 
"Practice by first remaking something from the 1970's." 
All beginning developers hear this advice from more experienced peers... 
because it works!

By following this approach you will:
	- Learn design from a fun classic that people know and enjoy.
	- Start your practice today – now! – without waiting for an idea.
	- Finish your game in hours or in a weekend, not over months.
	- Understand every line of code used in the entire program.
	- Avoid distraction from searching for or creating detailed art.
	- Master fundamentals needed to make your own games better.

You can program this game with a normal text editor, and run it in 
the web browser you already have. No special software is needed.

Though you'll be coding in JavaScript for HTML5 canvas in this course, 
the focus is on common game programming concepts. You can later 
apply these same patterns to get quick results in other programming 
languages such as C#, Java, ActionScript 3, C++, or Python.


What you’ll learn
	- Display, position, and move filled shapes for retro and 
	  prototype gameplay
	- Move a ball around your game space such that it bounces 
	  off boundaries
	- Handle real-time mouse input
	- Detect and respond to simple collisions
	- Program very basic artificial intelligence
	- Keep and display score during play
	- Understand the subtle, key difference between a 
	  classic game in this style which is fun to play 
	  versus one that isn't
	- Define and code a win condition and end state for your game


Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
	- Very early on students will need to show file extensions 
	  in their operating system (explained briefly in the video)
	- If a plain text editor is available that has programming 
	  features like line numbers and auto-indent 
	  (ex. Notepad++ on PC, TextWrangler on Mac) that may be 
	  handy but is not necessary, as a generic text editor 
	  like Notepad or TextEdit will work fine for a program of this size


Who this course is for:
	- This is for anyone who wants a quick but thorough 
	  introduction to simple game programming in a way that 
	  doesn't require any special software, download, or installation
	- If you've had at least a little exposure to generic programming 
	  concepts like variables, functions, and if-statements 
	  you'll have an advantage, however in case you've never heard 
	  those terms they're explained briefly as they come up
	- Although this a uses JavaScript and HTML5, it is not intended 
	  for someone who is focused on learning HTML5/JS for web page design


Instructor
Chris DeLeon
Independent Game Development Educator, 23 years making games