Link:
https://www.udemy.com/course/html-css-and-javascript-for-intermediate/learn/lecture/25208628?start=15#overview


About this course
Improve your HTML, CSS and JS skills by creating an awesome movie website.


By the numbers
Skill level: Intermediate Level
Languages: English
Captions: Yes
Lectures: 15
Video: 2 total hours


Description
If you are an intermediate HTML, CSS and JavaScript learner, it might 
be hard to find some path to follow. You can be stuck between really 
basic designs and confusing JavaScript libraries and frameworks. 
Here is the chance to create something between them. Let's build a 
real-world project and improve your skills. In this course we are going 
to be building a responsible movie website which includes all new 
generation popular features. You are going to be learning flexboxes, 
positioning, calculating sizes, transforms, transitions and more in 
the CSS part. You are going to mix your all knowledge and create an ultimate 
design. And in the JavaScript part, you are going to create a smooth slider 
and dark-mode toggle. And you will use only pure JavaScript. No libraries, 
no frameworks. And you are going to use new JavaScript features such as 
const-let keywords and arrow functions. After this course, you will be 
able to create more professional websites and be more confident about 
building modern web applications. And don't forget, if you are an absolute 
beginner, it might not be the best idea starting with this course. 
I recommend you to learn basics of HTML, CSS and the JavaScript and come back 
again and start this practical course. Let's join this journey and be one 
step closer to the professional web development life. I hope I will see 
you in the first lesson.


What you’ll learn
	- Intermediate HTML and CSS and JavaScript.
	- Design Real-world Web Project.
	- Basic of UI Design.
	- Responsive Web Design.
	- Basic Web Animations.


Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
	- Being intermediate level of HTML, CSS
	- Be able to understand basic of JavaScript.


Who this course is for:
	- Developers who want to improve their skills.
	- Designers curious about real-world web design.
	- Intermediate web developers.


Instructor:
Safak Kocaoglu
Computer Engineer

