Link:
https://www.udemy.com/course/the-art-of-doing-video-game-creation-with-python-and-pygame/learn/lecture/27555510?start=0#overview


About this course
From simple games using single images to complex games using classes 
and 100 sprites, this course will cover it all!


By the numbers
Skill level: Beginner Level
Languages: English
Captions: Yes
Lectures: 93
Video: 17.5 total hours


Description
Have you learned the fundamentals of Python and then asked yourself; 
what's next?

If so, consider taking this course which will start you on your 
journey to making your own playable, fun, and rather addicting video 
games using Python and the Pygame library. 

So often, when students ask for advice they are told to, "Go build something" 
or "Get involved on a project" but have no idea what projects to build or 
get involved in.

This course will set you on your way! In this course I will walk you though, 
step by step, on how to to design the layout and the functionality of 
7 unique, engaging, and most importantly, FUN games.  By the end of this 
course, I promise that you will be coming up with your own game ideas and 
feel confident enough in your abilities to create them.

In my experience teaching computer science, students tend to flourish under 
the basics but hit a wall when we approach object oriented programming.  
The shift to using Classes as a way to structure code is difficult and 
often times students don't have enough exposure to meaningful examples of 
how to use Classes to help make complex code more efficient.  I believe by 
the end of this course, you will understand how to use classes.

This course is designed in such a way that NO KNOWLEDGE OF CLASSES is 
needed to start!  We will begin by learning the fundamentals of the Pygame 
library and video game design concepts as we move onto making 4 very fun 
arcade style games.
	- Feed the Dragon:  Using your arrow keys, move the dragon up 
	  and down, trying to eat as many gold coins as you can.  
	  The more coins you eat, the faster you move!
	- Click the Clown:  Using your mouse, click the clown on your 
	  screen as he moves in random directions.  With each click, 
	  he moves faster and faster!
	- Snake:  Relive the glory days of cellphone gaming circa 2000 
	  with the classic Snake style game!
	- Burger Dog: Feed a hungry pup burgers that are falling from 
	  the sky.  Time your speed boosts just right to catch those 
	  burgers that are just out of reach!

We will then review/teach concepts of classes and inheritance in Python 
as they are crucial tools to help us take our games to the next level using 
Sprites and Sprite Groups.  We will spend some time learning more intermediate 
concepts such as how to use sprites, sprite groups, and various sprite 
collision detection methods as we move onto making 2 intermediate level games.
	- Monster Wrangler: A heroic Knight must wrangle various monsters 
	  on the screen.  Be careful to collect the right type of monster; 
	  collect the wrong one and you will be punished!
	- Space Invaders:  Who doesn't love space invaders????  Save 
	  civilization from wave after wave of impending aliens slowly 
	  (and then quickly) creeping across and down the screen in that 
	  classic Space Invader motion!

The third portion of this course will focus on more advanced topics such as 
creating a tile map and using/reading it to create more complex level designs, 
using 2 dimensional vectors to aid with more complex player movement such as 
running and jumping under forces of friction and gravity, and adding character 
animations to make our games really come to life!  We will use these more 
advanced concepts as well as all of our previous knowledge to make one last 
game that will be a great final project for you to show off!
	- Zombie Knight: It's dark, spooky, and the zombies have risen!!!  
	  In this classic style platformer, you a trusty Knight must survive 
	  night after night of zombie attacks.  Jump from platform to 
	  platform.  Use portals to teleport across the level.  Attack 
	  zombies with your trusty sword to kill them....BUT, you must 
	  remember; zombies can always rise from the dead!  Finish them 
	  off for good by stomping on them once you kill them with your 
	  sword!  Most importantly, collect valuable rubies and prevent more 
	  zombies from rising!   


What you’ll learn
	- Fundamentals of the Pygame library and overall video game design.
	- The use of Classes and Inheritance to make complex code more 
	  organized and efficient.
	- How to create surfaces, blit images, render text, handle user input, 
	  and detect collisions.
	- How to work with sprites, sprite groups, and more robust collision 
	  methods.
	- How to create our own tile map and read a tile map to design a 
	  game level.
	- How to use 2 dimensional vectors to handle complex platformer 
	  motion such as running and jumping under gravity and friction.
	- How to add custom character animations using sprite sheets to 
	  help make our games really come to life.
	- How to use collision masks to have pixel perfect collisions 
	  when needed.
	- Create 7 awesome games in total! 4 that are very beginner friendly, 
	  2 that are intermediate, and 1 that is advanced.


Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
	- Basic Python/computer science understanding.
	- Students should understand basic things like variables, lists, 
	  loops, and conditionals as I wont really spend time teaching these 
	  concepts but rather showing how to use them in larger projects.
	- In the second half of the course we will be switching to using 
	  classes extensively. I will spend some time reviewing and teaching 
	  the topics of classes and inheritance but prior knowledge may 
	  be helpful.


Who this course is for:
	- Beginner Python developers curious about video game design 
	  and the Pygame library.
	- Beginner Python developers looking to strengthen their 
	  understanding of Classes and how they can be used in larger projects.
	- Beginner Python developers who have a love for classic style 
	  arcade games.


Instructor:
Michael Eramo
Educator, Master Teacher, Self-Taught Programmer


